company name - Estarra
contact no - 7392861099
company email - estarralucknow@gmail.com
company website - www.estarra.com
company address - Buddheshwar Near Dubagga Lucknow - 226003



it is Construction website give me a brief description of the company and its services.

Estarra is a leading construction company specializing in delivering high-quality building solutions across various sectors. With a commitment to excellence and innovation, Estarra offers a comprehensive range of services including residential, commercial, and industrial construction. Our team of experienced professionals is dedicated to ensuring that each project is completed on time and within budget, while adhering to the highest safety and quality standards. From initial design and planning to final execution, Estarra is your trusted partner in creating sustainable and functional spaces that meet the unique needs of our clients. Whether it's a new build, renovation, or infrastructure development, Estarra is here to turn your vision into reality.

Estarra's services include:
- Residential Construction: Building custom homes and residential complexes tailored to client specifications.
- Commercial Construction: Developing office buildings, retail spaces, and mixed-use developments that enhance business operations
- Industrial Construction: Constructing warehouses, factories, and distribution centers designed for efficiency and productivity.
- Renovation and Remodeling: Upgrading existing structures to improve functionality and aesthetics.
- Infrastructure Development: Engaging in large-scale projects such as roads, bridges, and public facilities to support community growth.
- Project Management: Offering expert oversight and coordination to ensure seamless project execution from start to finish.. Our dedication to quality craftsmanship and customer satisfaction sets us apart in the construction industry, making Estarra a preferred choice for clients looking to build their future with confidence.



instruction for building this 
1. try imgae first not the icons
2. use some cool animation using the jsap or anime.js library and animation should be related with your company work 
3. trying to open the website in mobile should be responsive
4. use a moden and latest design like a premium website with good colors of combination
5. create moden section with full screen view height and width with some animation and different background color 
6. use given image and some free image in my site 


Add a form so that user can fill their details and send it to the email id.

and use smtp to send the email.

email server detail

your_email_address = "vipinpal.dev@gmail.com"
your_email_password = "rzqr mlqi vniq qtve"
recipient_email_address = "vipinpal7080@gmail.com"
your_smtp_server = "smtp.gmail.com"
your_smtp_port = 587
your_company_name = "Estarra"

Form input
Name
Email
Phone
Message
Submit Button 

after submit button click send email to the recipient email address.
and show a pop to the user that email has been sent successfully.

